README.md, before:

# Login_Page
This is the Modern Login form and the technologies used to create and design this login page is
HTML, CSS and Bootstrap

And this page is design to show our skills in the office and learn new things in the office time
basically this is the new task for me.

And in this login form i learn lot's of things like how i use the html and css but not learning in good way 
i don't know why and i don't know what should i do the next
i'm very confuse to switch the job or say and learn i don't know what should i do 
please help me!




Basically this is the normal login page and the technologies used to make's this login page is html, css and bootstrap 
and in this page left side is the image and right side is the login form and the google functionality
so in this form not lot's of functionality but only the learning process i design this login page and learn
how to create and design the login page



it is the starting phase to learn the development and this process or a journey is too long and the longer
so don't loose the hope and learn and create lot's of new things to get a good and the best job
in the field of the development like react.js node.js express etc 


and today i'm working on a new task i think on the admin panel and today i'm working on it
so not doing lot's of things in this page but yes some work on this admin page 
and i think i'm creating and design this page well and good




So, this is the normal Login page and the technologies i.e used to make this login page is html, css and bootstrpa

Commit message:

basic comment in readme.md

README.md, after:

# Login_Page
This is the Modern Login form and the technologies used to create and design this login page is
HTML, CSS and Bootstrap

And this page is design to show our skills in the office and learn new things in the office time
basically this is the new task for me.

And in this login form i learn lot's of things like how i use the html and css but not learning in good way 
i don't know why and i don't know what should i do the next
i'm very confuse to switch the job or say and learn i don't know what should i do 
please help me!




Basically this is the normal login page and the technologies used to make's this login page is html, css and bootstrap 
and in this page left side is the image and right side is the login form and the google functionality
so in this form not lot's of functionality but only the learning process i design this login page and learn
how to create and design the login page



it is the starting phase to learn the development and this process or a journey is too long and the longer
so don't loose the hope and learn and create lot's of new things to get a good and the best job
in the field of the development like react.js node.js express etc 


and today i'm working on a new task i think on the admin panel and today i'm working on it
so not doing lot's of things in this page but yes some work on this admin page 
and i think i'm creating and design this page well and good




So, this is the normal Login page and the technologies i.e used to make this login page is html, css and bootstrp

And the main thing is this is the basic and best project or the practice and learing new things
in this project so learn and crease our own projects in the pear system only html and css
